CHANGLOG.md, before:

Change Log
==========
1.0.0-rc2 (2014-03-25)
----------------------
1. updated framework documentation (still in progress)
2. replaced the remote data interfacing core module.
3. added/formalized object meta-event programming util.


1.0.0-rc1 (2014-03-12)
----------------------
1. updated framework documentation (still in progress)
2. formalized project file structure
3. added unified app api entry point
4. refined build & deploy script
5. further reduced selected libs
6. refined region view loading, added app Core.Regional module
7. formalized theme building process and structure


1.0.0-pre (2014-02-12)
----------------------
1. updated framework documentation (still in progress)
2. refined the client app route implementation


0.13.x (2014-01-07)
-------------------
1. (done) Add general ajax/data op progress bar on top (nprogress) as application util
2. (done) Remove noty2 and replace it with a new alert/messaging system + prompt as application util (view.flyTo and $.overlay())
3. (done) Add a new 2-lvl accordion menu widget
4. (done) Leave nothing but titile <---> message, help on the banner, move user above the left menu accordion
5. (done) Make file upload work (both ajax and iframe post)

Commit message:

Cont (updated how-to.md)
1. added actions, editors and svg enhancement autodetect;
2. fixed bug in editor events, reduced editor events;

CHANGLOG.md, after:

Change Log
==========
1.0.0-rc2 (2014-03-25)
----------------------
1. updated framework documentation (draft version done)
2. replaced the remote data interfacing core module.
3. added/formalized object meta-event programming util.
4. added 'Page' and 'Area' aliases for 'Context'/'Regional'
5. added 'parentContext' and 'parentCt' for view objects shown through regions
6. autodetect config for actions, svg/canvas paper, editors and enable them


1.0.0-rc1 (2014-03-12)
----------------------
1. updated framework documentation (still in progress)
2. formalized project file structure
3. added unified app api entry point
4. refined build & deploy script
5. further reduced selected libs
6. refined region view loading, added app Core.Regional module
7. formalized theme building process and structure


1.0.0-pre (2014-02-12)
----------------------
1. updated framework documentation (still in progress)
2. refined the client app route implementation


0.13.x (2014-01-07)
-------------------
1. (done) Add general ajax/data op progress bar on top (nprogress) as application util
2. (done) Remove noty2 and replace it with a new alert/messaging system + prompt as application util (view.flyTo and $.overlay())
3. (done) Add a new 2-lvl accordion menu widget
4. (done) Leave nothing but titile <---> message, help on the banner, move user above the left menu accordion
5. (done) Make file upload work (both ajax and iframe post)
