app/components/underscore/README.md, before:

                       __
                      /\ \                                                         __
     __  __    ___    \_\ \     __   _ __   ____    ___    ___   _ __    __       /\_\    ____
    /\ \/\ \ /' _ `\  /'_  \  /'__`\/\  __\/ ,__\  / ___\ / __`\/\  __\/'__`\     \/\ \  /',__\
    \ \ \_\ \/\ \/\ \/\ \ \ \/\  __/\ \ \//\__, `\/\ \__//\ \ \ \ \ \//\  __/  __  \ \ \/\__, `\
     \ \____/\ \_\ \_\ \___,_\ \____\\ \_\\/\____/\ \____\ \____/\ \_\\ \____\/\_\ _\ \ \/\____/
      \/___/  \/_/\/_/\/__,_ /\/____/ \/_/ \/___/  \/____/\/___/  \/_/ \/____/\/_//\ \_\ \/___/
                                                                                  \ \____/
                                                                                   \/___/

Underscore.js is a utility-belt library for JavaScript that provides
support for the usual functional suspects (each, map, reduce, filter...)
without extending any core JavaScript objects.

For Docs, License, Tests, and pre-packed downloads, see:
http://underscorejs.org

Many thanks to our contributors:
https://github.com/documentcloud/underscore/contributors

Commit message:

Refreshed libs
+ underscore.string
+ backbone.paginator
- backbone-pageable
* underscore -> 1.5.1
* backbone -> 1.0

app/components/underscore/README.md, after:

                       __
                      /\ \                                                         __
     __  __    ___    \_\ \     __   _ __   ____    ___    ___   _ __    __       /\_\    ____
    /\ \/\ \ /' _ `\  /'_  \  /'__`\/\  __\/ ,__\  / ___\ / __`\/\  __\/'__`\     \/\ \  /',__\
    \ \ \_\ \/\ \/\ \/\ \ \ \/\  __/\ \ \//\__, `\/\ \__//\ \ \ \ \ \//\  __/  __  \ \ \/\__, `\
     \ \____/\ \_\ \_\ \___,_\ \____\\ \_\\/\____/\ \____\ \____/\ \_\\ \____\/\_\ _\ \ \/\____/
      \/___/  \/_/\/_/\/__,_ /\/____/ \/_/ \/___/  \/____/\/___/  \/_/ \/____/\/_//\ \_\ \/___/
                                                                                  \ \____/
                                                                                   \/___/

Underscore.js is a utility-belt library for JavaScript that provides
support for the usual functional suspects (each, map, reduce, filter...)
without extending any core JavaScript objects.

For Docs, License, Tests, and pre-packed downloads, see:
http://underscorejs.org

Underscore is an open-sourced component of DocumentCloud:
https://github.com/documentcloud

Many thanks to our contributors:
https://github.com/jashkenas/underscore/contributors
